[Doc] Graph Construction PR Refactor - PR2: GPartition Doc (#918)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/graph-construction/gs-processing/gpartition/index.rst

.. _gpartition_index:

===================================
Running partition jobs on AWS Infra
===================================

GraphStorm Distributed Data Partition (GPartition) allows you to do distributed partition on preprocessed graph data

> prepared by :ref:`GSProcessing<gsprocessing_prerequisites_index>`. Before entering the GraphStorm training pipeline,
> the preprocessed input data must be partitioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prepared by :ref:`GSProcessing<gsprocessing_prerequisites_index>`. To enable distributed training, the preprocessed input data must be converted to a partitioned graph representation.
```

> GPartition offers to handle massive graph data in distributed clusters on AWS Infras. GPartition is built beyond the
> dgl `distributed graph partitioning pipeline <https://docs.dgl.ai/en/latest/guide/distributed-preprocessing.html#distributed-graph-partitioning-pipeline>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GPartition allows user to handle massive graph data in distributed clusters on AWS. GPartition is built on top of the
dgl `distributed graph partitioning pipeline <https://docs.dgl.ai/en/latest/guide/distributed-preprocessing.html#distributed-graph-partitioning-pipeline>`_.
```
